## Agenda 19-11-20, 16:00-17:00 GMT

We should talk about:
- [Issue 5: Dates for meetings](https://github.com/very-good-science/data-ethics-club/issues/5)
- [Issue 6: Should we set up a mailing list?](https://github.com/very-good-science/data-ethics-club/issues/6)
- [Issue 7: What should the format of meetings be like?](https://github.com/very-good-science/data-ethics-club/issues/7)
- [Issue 4: Recall who has contributed (not via GH) so far, and how to acknowledge material suggestions](https://github.com/very-good-science/data-ethics-club/issues/4)

If we have time, maybe we will tackle some of the actions relating to these points too (e.g. setting up a mailing list or creating a document where people can find our upcoming meetings)

---
Please edit these issues to add more talking points to them, and/or edit this document to link more issues that you'd like to talk about.
